# Heart-Disease
project on ML
Heart Disease Prediction System Using Machine Learning and Data mining consists of training dataset and user input as the test dataset. Weka data mining tool with api is used to implement the heart disease prediction system. The source code of Weka is in java. The system is designed with java swing and use Weka api to call the different methods of Weka. The components used are instances, different classifiers and methods for evaluation. Supervised learning method is used here. A supervised learning algorithm analyses the training data and deduces a function from the labeled training set. It can be used for mapping new examples. The training data obtained from Cleveland heart disease database is the training example. This training data consist of the class label and its corresponding value. Naive Bayesian, J48 and Random Forest classifiers are supervised learning algorithms. They learn from the provided training examples. When a new instance with same attributes as in training data with different values other than those in the training example comes, these algorithms correctly classify the new instance based on the generalization created from the training set. Naive Bayesian, J48 and Random Forest classifiers are classify the new observation into two categories on the basis of training dataset. The training dataset is in the ARFF format. The training set consists of 14 attributes including the class attribute. Heart disease prediction system accepts input from the user through a graphical user interface.
